[opentelemetry-collector] Add `tpl` function to Ingress host references and pod annotations/labels (#744)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-helm-charts: charts/opentelemetry-collector/UPGRADING.md

# Upgrade guidelines

> ## 0.54.1 to 0.55.0

Author: Of course - just added some docs

The `tpl` function has been added to references of pod labels and ingress hosts. This adds the ability to add some reusability in

> charts values through referencing global values. If you are currently using any `{{ }}` syntax in `.Values.yaml` it will now be rendered. To escape existing instances of {{ }}, use {{` <original content> `}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
charts values through referencing global values. If you are currently using any `{{ }}` syntax in pod labels or ingress hosts it will now be rendered. To escape existing instances of {{ }}, use {{` <original content> `}}.
```
